So now it's time to add a route to our public route table for our internet gateway so anyone can access
it.
So for that purpose we're going to have to add a route to our route table.
So let's go to our P.S. class and within our Ribisi class I'm going to implement another method and
I'm going to say create internet gateway a route to public route table.
So we're declarative naming and after that let's just see what we're going to have to provide to adding
root with the client and decide after that self underscore client and create underscore route and from
there there are simply a lot of things that we have to provide.
But the most important part for adding a route is adding the route table idea of course and then you're
going to have to provide the destination side or block which is going to be used as the access level
control because you're not going to want to allow everyone coming from the Internet.
But for our purposes for our testing purposes we're going to be providing zero IP blocks so anyone can
come up to our public subnet.
And also we're going to have to provide the gateway ID as you can see here.
These are basically all we have to provide to our table or to root for that root table.
So let's just provide the root table first and I'm going to say root tape allowed.
As the RTP ID just to be simple.
And after that I'm going to be providing the gateway ID.
So this is the internet gateway.
In our case and I'm going to say AGW ID and also we're going to have to pro-white the destination side
or block.
So since we're on IP version 4 I'm going to be providing destination cyder block if you're using IP
version 6 then you're going to have to provide the destination IP 6 or Version 6 side or block.
So for the side or block I'm going to simply pro-white 0 0 0 slash 0.
So anyone can come to my public subnet resources.
All right.
As you can see we're going to have to pass in the route table ID and also the Internet Gateway Id just
like that.
So now since we know that we need to route table ID and internet gateway ID Let's go back to our main
class and take the route table Id All right we have our public room table response from a couple of
us but to see how to get to the root table Id let's just go to our Bothell 3 documentation and let's
just search for create root table.
Here we go.
The method is simply returning a dictionary and we have the truth table as the root object.
And after that we have Druitt table ID.
So let's just copy the root table and go back to our method and in there I'm going to assign the root
table ID as RTP underscore ID and I'm going to say public truth table response and from their root table
and then root table D.
Here we go.
We have our route table Id received from our response.
So let's use that and also comment out here.
Adding the internet gateway to public table.
Here we go and let's just call the PC dot.
Create
and let's just check out the name of that method.
Create internet gateway your route to public Croot Tejpal
create Internet Gateway your route to public route table.
Here we go.
So let's just pass in the router table ID and then also pass in the Internet Gateway Id just like that
so our route table is really to access or is to be accessed from the internet with the help of internet
gateway and with the of course help of the route to that internet gateway.